
nac2_master_event.nac2_master_record

rcvd_date	string	from deserializer
rcvd_time	string	from deserializer
rcvd_ts	string	from deserializer
load_date	string	from deserializer
event_utc_date	string	from deserializer
event_local_date	string	from deserializer
event_utc_dttm	string	from deserializer
event_local_dttm	string	from deserializer
event_tz	int	from deserializer
applic_type	string	from deserializer
applic_device_id	string	from deserializer
device_unique_id	string	from deserializer
applic_key	string	from deserializer
applic_identifier	string	from deserializer
applic_vers	string	from deserializer
device_model_name	string	from deserializer
platform_name	string	from deserializer
fw_vers	string	from deserializer
nac_vers	string	from deserializer
lang_cd	string	from deserializer
home_mcc	string	from deserializer
home_mnc	string	from deserializer
home_cntry_cd	string	from deserializer
roaming_mcc	string	from deserializer
roaming_mnc	string	from deserializer
roaming_cntry_cd	string	from deserializer
loc_area_cd	string	from deserializer
cell_id	string	from deserializer
num_of_sim	int	from deserializer
sender_cntry_cd	string	from deserializer
sender_isp	string	from deserializer
sender_city	string	from deserializer
sess_id	string	from deserializer
event_seq_num	int	from deserializer
event_screen_name	string	from deserializer
event_type_cd	int	from deserializer
event_name	string	from deserializer
app_params	string	from deserializer
event_params	string	from deserializer
applic_name	string	from deserializer
sender_ip	string	from deserializer
latitude	string	from deserializer
longitude	string	from deserializer
home_carrier	string	from deserializer
roaming_carrier	string	from deserializer
http_headers	string	from deserializer
device_imei	string	from deserializer
device_meid	string	from deserializer
device_device_type	string	from deserializer
device_android	string	from deserializer
user_anon	string	from deserializer
user_noa	string	from deserializer
ids_tag	string	from deserializer
session_duration	string	from deserializer
partition_date	string
